During practice, I practiced the way to sing.
I tried to breathe deeply,
and to make the posture better,
and to make the words clearly.
Next, I will sing the Doremi, the onkai.
When I sing the onkai,
I sing with care the pronunciation of the words.
I don't open my mouth wide.
It's like this,
and it's an onkai that doesn't catch my attention.
In the case of Doremi,
Do Re Mi Fa So Ra Si Do
I sing with care the pronunciation of the words.
When I sing the onkai,
I gradually make the voice louder
as I go from a low voice to a high voice.
That's a good practice,
but singing with the same size
even if the voice is high or low
is the first practice.
So, even if the voice is high or low,
you need to sing with the same size.
In this case,
you can sing with a strong voice from the beginning,
but first,
think that the voice grows bigger and bigger,
and sing with a soft voice at the beginning.
I want you to think that you will have a loud voice
as you continue to do it.
Now, let's sing the onkai with a soft voice.
Do Re Mi Fa So Ra Si Do
Now, let's sing with a loud voice.
Do Si La So Fa Mi Re Do
Even if the voice is high or low,
weak or big,
the voice is sung in the same way,
whether it is high or low.
This is the same thing
in the case of onkai practice or singing with a soft voice.